---
layout: post
title: "Caroline"
author: "Felipe Magagnin"
categories: documentation
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: cuba-1.jpg
---

Caroline is a game that asks the question "why do we kill people who kill people, to teach them that killing is wrong?". It’s a 2D game, gameplaybased, where you control a girl lost in a forest and her unique chance to survive is accept the help of a strange (but friendly) guy. The characters are inspired by known Brazilian legends, but they are affected by the influence of the catholic church that turned them into demons!!

## History

"Caroline" is being developed by DotCompany, composed only by one member, Felipe Magagnin (me). The development of the game started as a hobby but with the passage of time became a serious project, but its development can only be done on weekends and breaks because of work and college. My dream is to be able to develop the game as a work, having much more time for its development and being able to develop much more content.

##Features

>Innovative Combat System: you do not have the power to kill and enemies can not touch you. Your objective is to protect your friend by pushing your enemies away from him while he can not attack.

>>Fascinating story: the game promises to be a unique, exciting and captivating experience, awakening your deepest feelings. 

>>>Frame-by-frame art: art made entirely in the traditional style giving a unique style to your experience.

Additional Links:
[Itch.io:](https://dotcompany.itch.io/caroline)
[Twitter:](https://twitter.com/_DotCompany_)
[Instagram:](https://www.instagram.com/_dotcompany/)

DotCompany members
Felipe Magagnin: solo developer

Contact
Felipe Magagnin
felipe.bock@hotmail.com
dotcompany929@gmail.com